-Make a patch that demonstrates routing an LFO to 3 EQ bands configured as notch-peak-notch. Niko 
 says that this is what the famous Small Stone phaser does. Maybe place the peak at 1 kHz and the
 notches an octave above and below. Maybe we can somehow create a stereo phaser effect by using a 
 phase offset between left/right? ...but maybe that would indeed require stereo LFOs. It can be 
 simulated using hard-panned signal flows for left and right channel separately but that would be
 a bit inefficient.
-Demonstrate tremolo and pan LFO. 
-Demonstrate using the routable DAHDSR envelopes. Maybe let's create a bassdrum sound by using 3
 decay envelopes and routing them to the pitch ...oh - but that requires the sampler module to be
 a regular module. Maybe the "sample" opcode could also be optionally indexed: sample1=..., sample2=
 ...but what should the signal flow be? maybe samples should be mixed in at the exact point where
 the first opcode appears. We will then also need indexing for the loop, tune, etc. opcodes.
 -can we use a modulated filter-sweep instead for the time being? ...Try it! Maybe use a waveshaper
  after the filter. The filter's own exponential decay can perhaps replace one of the amplitude 
  envelopes. For this to work well, the modulation response of the filter is essential. Maybe try
  Ladder and ZDF-SVF implementation. Maybe a state-space implementation could be useful as well? Or 
  maybe the state-vector form could be best suited for this?
-Try using a fillfo together with freely routable LFOs that are also routed to the filter. The 
 fillfo should just act in the same way as the free LFOs, i.e. just add its modulation contribution.
-Demonstrate the envelope shape parameters - maye use an amp-env for this
 
 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Advanced Distortion:

A patch for experimenting with some dynamic distortion ideas that go beyond mere waveshaping. The
input signal should be a guitar(ish) (multi)sample. The guitar feeds into a distortion unit on the 
group level, i.e. the distortion applied to the sum of the layers/regions to enable playing 
powerchords. The distortion should be a series connection of filters and waveshapers like so:

Filter(s) -> Waveshaper -> Filter(s) -> Waveshaper -> Filter(s)

where the "Filter(s)" could stand for a single filter but also for a chain of filters (like 
lowpass -> highpass -> peak). It may also include a (to be written) slope-filter. Create some macro
paramters (i.e. MIDI controllers) and route them to certain filter settings simultaneously. For 
example, there could be two slope-filters, 1 before the 1st and the other before the 2nd waveshaper 
and the controller controls the spectral slope into opposite directions. That may give some 
interesting sort of tone control which would be impossible with simple waveshaping. Another 
macro parameter could control the drive parameters of both shapers in opposing ways. The patch has 
the purpose of demonstrating the creation of such macro parameters and also to experiment with such 
a distortion algo - which later may be hardcoded, if it turns out to be useful.

Maybe instead of the guitar use a sawtooth wave with amp-env and 1st order filter env (on the region
level) that creates a sort of saw-pluck sound. The decay/release times should depend on the key 
(shorter for higher keys).

Make a video demonstrating and explaining the patch. That could be the first video entry for the 
sound design playlist on youtube. Show spectral analysis for the powerchords. Maybe use Signalizer 
if MultiAnalyzer isn't fast enough.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Modular Synthesis

The modulation system with its free routing/patching of modulation signals to parameters of other
modulators is under the hood actually something not so far away from a modular synthesizer. The 
patch cables are replaced by our modulation "matrix". We only need a way to - finally, as last 
step - translate the modulation signal to audio. That could simply be done by letting it modulate 
the amplitude of a DC sample. So: Try to make a patch that demonstrates, how this can be done. Maybe
do an FM-patch using two LFOs where one modulates the frequency (or phase) of another.